# High Output Management

### Foreword By Author

**Globalization. New environment and changes.**

Globalization means that business knows no national boundaries. Thus every employee will compete with every person anywhere in the world who is capable of doing the same job.               

"Let chaos reign, then rein in chaos." Be mentally and emotionally ready to be tossed into the turbulence generated by globalization and information revolution. You need to plan the way a fire department plans - to shape an energetic and efficient team capable of responding to the unanticipated. A responsive company should have fewer levels of managers. The importance of one-on-one, mutual education and the exchange of information. Manager teaches his skills and know-how, ways to approach things. Engineer tells his manager his concerns.

3 basic ideas of this book 

- Apply methods of production. 
- Managerial leverage, which measures the impact of what managers do to increase the output of their teams        
- To consistently elicit an athlete's desire for peak performance.                    

**Managing your own career**

Accept that no matter where you work, you are not an employee - **you are in a business with one employee, yourself** . You are in competition with millions of similar businesses. But your coworkers are are not rivals, rather, people who work for orgs that compete with your firm are. **You must continually dedicate yourself to retaining your individual competitive advantage.**

Manage your career:

1. Are you adding real value or merely passing information along?
2. Are you plugged into what's happening around you.
3. Are you trying new ideas, techniques, technologies? **Trying, not just reading about them**



### Forword by Ben Horowitz

This book is about principles to understand how society should operate.

**Today's gap represents a failure of planning sometime in the past.**

One-on-one best source for organizational knowledge.

Why wearing t-shirts and being casual? We have to mix knowledge-power power with position-power people daily. 

When employee is immature, it's essential to have a hands on manager to train. When they are mature, then hands-off management is good.

Intense passion toward training and teaching, only ways to impact an employee's output.

Follow the human nature: Be Optimist in order to build anything great.



### The basics of production

The basic requirements of production. To build and delivery products in response to the demands of the customer at a scheduled delivery time, at an acceptable quality level, and at the lowest possible cost. 

Basic Definition. 

- Process: an activity that changes material.
- Assembly: 
- Test(functional test, system test)

With a bit more complication. Consider the breakfast company which serves eggs, toasts and coffee.

- Rework 
- Manpower (egg-cooker, toast-maker, coffee-pourer instead of just one waiter)
- Capital equipment (add another toaster)
- Inventory (of hot toast ready to serve)
- Conitnuous operation (an automated boiling machine)
- monitoring eggs, temp, 

**Materials become more valuable as it moves through the process.** So we should always try to detect and fix any problem in a production process at the lowest-value stage possible. A prisoner on average cost about $1M from arrested to trial to end up in prison (including cost of other prisoners who don't move forward). But building a prison cell costs only $80K and maintaining a prisoner $20K. We should detect the problem early (non-availability of a cell) before the criminals went through the whole system. 

