# Part One. The Breakfast Factory - Principles of Production

这本内容非常充实，全部都是干货

### **Foreword By Author**

**Globalization**

Intel vs Japanese DRAM factories - being second best in a tough environment is just not good enough.

Globalization means that business knows no **national boundaries**. Thus every employee will compete with every person anywhere in the world who is capable of doing the same job.

**Develop a higher tolerance for disorder.**

"Let chaos reign, then rein in chaos." Be mentally and emotionally ready to be tossed into the turbulence generated by globalization and information revolution. You need to plan the way a **fire department** plans - to shape an energetic and efficient team capable of responding to the unanticipated. A responsive company should have fewer levels of managers. The importance of one-on-one, mutual education and the exchange of information. Manager teaches his skills and know-how, ways to approach things. Engineer tells his manager his concerns.

One-on-one is for mutual exchange of information. Talking about specific problems and situations, manager teaches the subordinate his skills and know-how, and suggests ways to approach things, and feedback. Subordinate provides the manager what he's doing and his concerns.

 

**Managing your own career**

Accept that no matter where you work, you are not an employee - **you are in a business with one employee, yourself**. You are in competition with millions of similar businesses. But your coworkers are not rivals, rather, people who work for orgs that compete with your firm are. **You must continually dedicate yourself to retaining your individual competitive advantage.**

Manage your career:

- Are you adding real value or merely passing information along?
- Are you plugged into what's happening around you.
- Are you trying new ideas, techniques, technologies? **Trying, not just reading about them**

3 basic ideas of this book

- Apply principles and discipline of production to have a systematic way of managing.
- Managerial leverage, which measures the impact of what managers do to increase the output of their teams
- To consistently elicit an athlete's desire for peak performance in individuals in a team.

### **Foreword by Ben Horowitz**

This book is about principles to understand how society should operate.

A manager’s output = the output of his organization + the output of the neighboring organizations under his influence. 

To impact an employee's output: motivation and training. If you are not training, then you are basically neglecting half the job.

**Today's gap represents a failure of planning sometime in the past. [echoing truth is a process]**

One-on-one best source for organizational knowledge.

Why wearing t-shirts and being casual? **We have to mix knowledge-power power with position-power people daily.**

When employee is immature, it's essential to have a hands on manager to train. 

When they are mature, then hands-off management is good.

Follow the human nature: **Be an Optimist** in order to build anything great.

## The Breakfast Factory - Principles of Production

Requirements of production: to build and deliver products in response to the demands of the customer at a scheduled delivery time, at an acceptable quality level, and at the lowest possible cost.

The key idea is that we find the limiting step (the longest or most difficult, or most sensitive, or most expensive) step), and construct our production flow by starting with limiting step and work our way back. We plan our flow around the most longest step. 

For example, 招聘候选人时的limiting step是最贵的on-site interviews，为了最小化公司的cost，我们要提高录用和加入onsite interview的候选人比例。所以加入了电面这个环节。

Fundamental types of production operations: process, assembly and test. 

A few complications to consider: capacity, manpower, inventory.

### **Continuous operation**

When volume is high. We need a continuous egg-boiler that constantly supplies. 

But it also requires functional test (check an egg sample and throw it away) or in-process inspection (checking water temperature, collecting metrics like count, gauge, histogram).

Also, eggs could be cracked or rotten, or undersized. We need to inspect the inventory too. 

### A material becomes more valuable as it moves through the process

Detect and fix any problem in a production process at the lowest-value stage possible. 所以，我们应该在生鸡蛋库存的时候inspect and reject defective eggs，而不是当送到客人面前时。

拿US criminal justice system作为反例。一个案件从报告给警察局，到真正被警察处理，到长期调查，侦查后有足够到证据，到正式逮捕嫌疑人，寻找证人，立案，然后庭审，到法官认定有罪，然后再定sentence，进过犯人可能重新上诉，最后顺利通过这件全部环节的少数会进入jail。平均来说一个罪犯定罪到最终进入jail的cost是$1M。然而一个监狱房间的cost只有$80K，而且非常short supply，很多罪犯最终因为监狱short supply而减刑，甚至释放。

因为一个花费$80K 的监狱而释放一个花费$1M 的罪犯，这是这个criminal justice system最大的问题，它的出现仅仅是因为我们选择了错误的limiting step: supply of jail cells, 而不是 conviction process。 

### Indicators

A few indicators can be used to meet your production goals on a daily basis:

- sales forecast for the day. the variance between your plan and the actual delivery of breakfasts for the preceding day.
- raw material inventory. too less/too much?
- equipment condition
- manpower
- quality.

Measure physical, countable thing (with quality of work): people hired, transaction processed; **but not**: email replied, number of meetings had, hours put in. 

Validity of indicators. 

Linearity indicator and trend indicator. Shows output measured against time, against an ideal straight line or some expected level. Think through *why the results were what they were.*

**Stagger chart**, which forecasts an output over the next several months, updated monthly. It shows not only your outlook for business monthly, but also *how your outlook changed* from one month to another.

### Controlling future output

There are two ways to control the output of any factory:

- build to order. Start building products when orders are placed.
- build to forecast. Risk inventory to ensure fast delivery. For example, most companies recruit new college graduates to fill anticipated needs - rather than only when a position is open. Another example is Intel, because the chips manufacturing throughput time is long.

There are two simultaneous processes to delivery a product that was built to forecast. **A manufacturing flow** and **a sales flow**. Intel matches the two parallel flows by using stagger charts in both flows. 

Build a reasonable amount of "slack" to handle unexpected events. 

Build an inventory of raw materials, because they are at the lowest-value stage. 

### Assuring Quality

Incoming inspection: where we inspect raw material

Final inspection: where we inspect the product.

这让我想起了做project有一般几个阶段product design, tech design, implementation & unit tests, frontend & backend integration, canery test。因为在startup瞬息万变，做完整个project后，发现requirements变了就要重新改掉，或者整个project都不需要了。这导致了非常高价值的成果被浪费。作为engineer，自己应该提高design和communication skills，尽可能让project在lowest cost stage的时候得到所有方面的同步。

**Reliability**. Because we can never assess the consequences of an unreliable product (imagine a 心脏起搏器), we can't make compromises when it comes to reliability.

There are a few inspection techniques. 

- gate-like inspection. If the material fails, it's returned to an earlier stage.
- monitoring. Get a failure rate, but continues to move through the process. Tradeoff: throughput time vs quality. Tradeoff is on a case by case basis. For example, 为了应对大量的tax return，美国税务局（IRS）对每一份tax return都有基本的check，同时对一部分return有全面的auditing。
- variable inspection. Tune up/down the rate or degree of monitoring based on monitoring output over previous time period.

### Productivity

> "work smarter, not harder".

**Leverage** is the output generated by a specific type of work activity. How to increase leverage? 

- **Automation**
- **Work simplification** - create a flow chart of all steps in the process. Count the number of steps. For each step, you must question why it's performed. Then reduce the number of steps you can do without.